Update website cc pages. (#215)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: yagpdb-cc-website/docs/funccs/maze.md

title: Maze
---

> This command sends a maze with an optional amount crossings/bridges. It also includes a link to a downloadable solution and `.ExecData` support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends a maze with an optional amount crossings/bridges. It also includes a link to a downloadable solution and intuitive `execCC` support.
```
